[Autogenerated] with that high level overview out of the way,
let's dig a little bit deeper into machine learning.
Specifically,
we said that in machine learning algorithms learn and
improve performance over time using data.
But what does it really mean to learn using data?
How could a computer learn?
Well, what's the same way humans learn?
Growing up, I lived on a farm.
We had all kinds of farm animals and pets.
My favorite was always the cat, and actually it still is today,
somewhere along the way, and I don't know how old I was,
but I learned that an animal that looks like this is a cat check.
And then it's the another kind of cat, maybe a different color or size.
But it was labeled cat, or somebody told me it was a cat,
and I recognized it as a cat check.
And on it went a black cat.
It had similar characteristics to the other cats ID scene,
so I categorized that as a cat check, but then something that wasn't a cat.
When I saw a horse, I compared it to my prior knowledge about cats,
their characteristics,
size and so on so I could conclude that that was not a cat.
A similar thing happened when I started to read.
I learned the alphabet lowercase, uppercase letters.
I learned how to recognize the letters, how to write them,
how they sounded and then eventually put them together to mean something.
When I saw letters combined this way, a M b E r.
I learned that that was how my name was spelled check and a pattern of
5551212 was my phone number or we'll say it was check if the pattern of
numbers was different than it wasn't my phone number.
Now I know those are maybe overly simple examples,
but hopefully they convey the important point.
When we say that the machine is learning from data.
It's really all about recognizing patterns.
What are the patterns here?
All these cats have similar characteristics to pointy ears,
whiskers, eyes in the front of their head for and so on.
And if you show a computer enough pictures of cats,
it will eventually learn what a cat looks like based on the patterns in
the data so back to our definition of machine learning.
It all starts with the training data,
whether that's pictures or text or video or speech.
And then we pass that in to an algorithm.
And the algorithm will identify the patterns in the data and at the
end of that process will have a trained model that can then make
predictions for new data that's passed in.
Let's look at an example.
We'll use handwriting recognition.
In this case,
are training data will be a bunch of handwritten digits past In his images.
Those images get past when algorithm that will try to identify patterns.
To do this,
it'll look at each pixel of the image and try to pick out
shapes like Zero is a Circle one is a line,
and eight is two circles and so on,
and it illiterate on those images until we have a fully trained model
that quote unquote knows what a one looks like,
what a two looks like and so forth.
Pretty cool, huh?
But you might be asking, How exactly does that help me solve real world problems?
Just having a model that's been trained on an existing dataset,
and you're right to ask that the real magic and the real
value of the trained model comes into play when it can
recognize new things that you pass in.
For instance,
a banking application that needs to read the dollar
amounts that somebody hand wrote on a check.
That image could be passed to the model and the model can see a Ah ha!
This check is for $235 or a shipping application that scans hand written
addresses and needs to extract ZIP codes or address numbers.
This end pieces the prediction that the model makes,
or sometimes referred to as inference.
We're saying that based on all of this quote unquote knowledge,
the model has about numbers were able to predict that the ZIP code is
98 want to one or whatever it is or another example.
Maybe you've got an e commerce application.
You need to detect fraud during a purchase transaction.
So would feed in data about what fraud looks like.
Train the model on that data,
and then we'll be able to say a that transaction looks a little bit fishy.
There is a 93% chance that transaction is fraudulent and then take
appropriate action and the final example thinking back to our story
of Globomantics we have a bunch of data about customers like how
often they call in for support, what kind of plans there on,
what type of usage they have and so forth.
And ultimately, if that customer left to go to another carrier,
we train our model on that existing data and then is a customer
service agent is on the phone with a customer.
Maybe on the profile screen, for instance,
that CIA prediction score of there's a 37% chance this customers
going to leave or a 95% chance the customer will leave,
in which case you'd want to offer some kind of an
incentive to retain them as a customer.
Now, I mentioned a few percentages in those last examples.
The customer has a 95% chance of leaving and so forth,
and that's really what you're getting.
With that prediction.
It's a probability between zero and one where zero means
impossible and one or 100% means certain and in the middle
is an equal chance or 50%.
You'll call the trained model, passing some new data,
and the prediction it makes will be somewhere on this line.
So if we had to summarize all of the points we discovered and
put them into a more complete definition.
We can say that machine learning identifies patterns in
existing data to make predictions about new data. Now let's talk about deep learning.